docs(srv): add concurrency docs and update deploy page MTA-4361 (#2977)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/containers/reference-content/containers-concurrency.mdx

dates:
  validation: 2024-03-26
  posted: 2024-03-26
tags: serverless containers concurrency concurrent execution scaling parallelism parallel instances
categories:
  - serverless
  - containers
---

## Concurrency overview

Concurrency determines the number of incoming requests a single instance of a container can process before scaling up. Serverless Containers autoscale according to the number of instances needed to handle the incoming workload. 

A higher number of instances processing requests at the same time implies a greater usage of memory and [vCPU](/serverless/containers/concepts/#vcpu), and consequently a higher cost.

## Maximum concurrent requests per instance

When [deploying a container](/serverless/containers/how-to/deploy-a-container-from-scaleway-container-registry/), Scaleway Serverless Containers allows you to edit the **Maximum concurrent requests per instance** parameter.

Serverless Containers apply the highest possible value by default: **80 concurrent requests**. We recommend using the default value, as Serverless Containers are designed to efficiently function with it, but you can lower it to better fit specific requirements.

## Examples

> If your Serverless Container hosts a resource-intensive application that can only handle a small number of requests with the provisioned memory and vCPU, you can reduce the number of maximum concurrent requests per instance to scale quicker and avoid bottlenecks and queued requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Serverless Container hosts a resource-intensive application that can only handle a small number of requests with the provisioned memory and vCPU, you can reduce the number of maximum concurrent requests per instance to scale more quickly and avoid bottlenecks and queued requests.
```
